Improve docs home page (#262)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: index.md

> Anbox Cloud enables running Android apps on any cloud platform at scale. It uses [LXD containers](https://linuxcontainers.org/) to run the nested Android containers and [Juju](https://charmhub.io/) for deployment in a cloud environment.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this point to the Juju main website https://juju.is?
Also, I think we call them 'system containers', but we should check with @adglkh or @morphis
```suggestion
Anbox Cloud enables running Android apps on any cloud platform at scale. It uses [LXD system containers](https://linuxcontainers.org/) to run the nested Android containers and [Juju](https://juju.is) for deployment in a cloud environment.
```

Anbox Cloud supports x86 and Arm64 hardware, providing the same set of features for both architectures. 

> Since Anbox Cloud uses containerisation to emulate Android systems, you can achieve the isolation and security level of a virtual machine without the associated overhead. Therefore, compared to other Android emulation solutions, Anbox Cloud can provide at least twice the container density and can serve up to 100 Android instances per server.

Reviewer: I think mentioning system containers is important here, or something similar (unprivileged containers?).
If we were using docker containers for instance, we would have very little isolation as we would need to run them with full privileges (hence a much weaker security and isolation).

> Due to its highly scalable nature and performance optimisation, delivering device-agnostic mobile applications becomes very easy. Popular use cases of Anbox Cloud include mobile game streaming services, corporate application streaming, application automation and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to its highly scalable nature and performance optimisation, delivering device-agnostic mobile applications is very easy. Popular use cases of Anbox Cloud include mobile game streaming services, corporate application streaming, application automation and testing.
```
What do you think? I don't really have a strong argument against 'becomes', I just found it a bit weird.

# In this documentaion
| | |
|--|--|
|  [Tutorials](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/tutorials/28826)</br>  Get started - a hands-on introduction to Anbox Cloud for new users </br> |  [How-to guides](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/how-to-guides/28827) </br> Step-by-step guides covering key operations and common tasks |

> |  [Explanation](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/explanation/28829) </br> Concepts - discussion and clarification of key topics, architecture  | [Reference](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/reference/28828) </br> Technical information - specifications, APIs |

Reviewer: By the way, why do we have two columns here?
On mobile, it looks a bit weird.
![Screen Shot 2023-06-23 at 12 11 15](https://github.com/anbox-cloud/discourse-docs/assets/98706738/c80de1af-8522-441a-9755-9abfb00bc65b)

Reviewer: Alright, thanks for the explanation!

## Project and community

Anbox Cloud is a Canonical product. It originally grew out of the Anbox open-source project, but its code base is now completely independent.

- [Get support through Ubuntu Pro](https://ubuntu.com/support)
- [Join the Discourse forum to ask questions](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/anbox-cloud/49)
- [Release roadmap](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/release-roadmap/19359)

> - [Report issues with Anbox Cloud](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/how-to-troubleshoot-anbox-cloud/17837)

Reviewer 2: This sounds more like a troubleshooting rather than an issue report.
[Report issues with Anbox Cloud](https://bugs.launchpad.net/anbox-cloud/+bugs) looks reasonable to me

Author: I have included both links now, the idea was to increase the prominence of the troubleshooting section as well.
